Update page links (#42)
kubernetes/kubernetes-template-project: CONTRIBUTING.md

-->

- [Contributor License Agreement](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md) Kubernetes projects require that you sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) before we can accept your pull requests
- [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://k8s.dev/guide) - Main contributor documentation, or you can just jump directly to the [contributing page](https://www.kubernetes.dev/docs/guide/contributing/)
- [Contributor Cheat Sheet](https://k8s.dev/cheatsheet) - Common resources for existing developers

## Mentorship

> - [Mentoring Initiatives](https://www.kubernetes.dev/community/mentoring) - We have a diverse set of mentorship programs available that are always looking for volunteers!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mentoring Initiatives](https://k8s.dev/community/mentoring) - We have a diverse set of mentorship programs available that are always looking for volunteers!
```

-->

- [Contributor License Agreement](https://git.k8s.io/community/CLA.md) Kubernetes projects require that you sign a Contributor License Agreement (CLA) before we can accept your pull requests

> - [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide) - Main contributor documentation, or you can just jump directly to the [contributing page](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/guide/contributing.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://k8s.dev/guide) - Main contributor documentation, or you can just jump directly to the [contributing page](https://www.kubernetes.dev/docs/guide/contributing/)
```

these days we're trying to direct folks to the k8s.dev site instead of directly to github for the docs.

Author: I would be happy to change this. But wondering if are there any references about which link should we use?

Last month we have different opinion on it [at this k/website PR](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/35648#discussion_r936208312).

CC @reylejano @natalisucks

Reviewer 2: In general at this point we want to direct people to the website. Its much more searchable than github and will also have a new contributor course.
